Anna Parket lives in the beautiful urban town of Dalhurst.

She lives a perfect life working as a doctor at General Hospital in the next town called Modesto. 

Anna has lived with her boyfriend Tony Meadow for several years. Tony is the overseeing manager for Dalhurst's water plant. 

They live a happy, healthy life with their dogs across from Lake Median in a big house 
sitting on a 2 acre property hidden within the woods. 

The house was inherited from Tony's grandparents a few years back. 

Everybody in town knew Tony's grandparents, and their death was very unexpected.

Many neighbors and close friends came over to say good bye to Tony's grandparents at their funeral.

Anna and Tony felt very welcomed by the people of Dalhurst at Tony's grandparents funeral.

The couple started to fall in love with the people of Dalhurst after their show of kindness. 

Both of them loved their morning walks with dogs around the lake and their tea time on weekends at "Luna" Caffee. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Lately, Tony has been away on a business trip for over a week. 

When Anna gets off her of her friday night work shift at the hospital. She comes home to her dogs and an empty house. 

Anna makes herself a pepperoni pizza and decides to watch a movie called, "Shadow Noises".  

As she was watching the movie, she hears a noise coming from the basement. 

Anna is shocked by the noise. She knows that she locked all the doors and windows before Tony left for his trip. 

She calls Tony on his cellphone. 

The phone rings 3 times and she hears Tony's voice over his voicemail,stating that he is unable to take
the call and to leave a message. 

She presses the end button for the call on her cellphone. She starts to pace around the living room.

Anna tries calling back one more time hoping that Tony will pick up. Tony doesn't answer again. 
Anna suddenly remembers that a baseball bat was in the living room closet. 

She runs to the closet and grabs the metal baseball bat. She hears another banging noise coming from the basement.

Anna starts to get nervous as she walks toward the basement door.

Her stomach starts to tighten and turn. Sweat starts to form down her back. 

The sounds are making her feel even more afraid.

She gets to the basement door and she takes a shaking sigh. Anna knows that she is by herself. 

She ponders, "Maybe, a pipe burst or maybe a box fell on its own?"  

However, Anna knows that those noises do not sound like either of those things. 

Anna turns the doorknob on the basement door and slowly enters the basement.

She turns on the light and heads down the basement stairs. 

Anna slowly walks down the basement stairs. The steps creak loudly as if her weight might cause the steps to snap in half.  

She feels nervous because of the noises. She fears the unknowns that are in the basement. 

She knows that no one will be looking for her until Monday after she has missed her required work shift. 

Before Anna reaches the final step in the basement, she hears a loud thud. 

She screams in fear, hoping that the neighbors will hear her! 

She thinks to herself, "This is it...this is how I am going to die!"

Anna starts to swing her bat around furiously with her eyes closed. 

She feels nothing but air. She swings her bat once more and slowly opens her eyes. 

Anna realizes that there is nothing in front of her. 

Sweat is pouring down her face and down her back. She breathes heavily trying to catch her breath. 

She looks around nervously and spots a raccoon dashing out of the window while a rat runs behind boxes that are stacked in a corner.

"Ugh, I need to set more traps for these stupid rats" thinks Anna as she closes the basement window. 

Anna heads to the basement shelf that contains all of their household cleaning products. 

She looks for a rat trap on the shelf and notices that the box is empty. 

She knows that she bought more rat traps during the last time that she was at the hardware store. 

She also remembers that she gave Tony the box since he was going to bring the box downstairs to the basement. 

Tony and Anna have been trying to get rid of the rats in their house since they moved in after the funeral. 

Anna lets out a long sigh and starts to search different boxes throughout the basement for the rat traps. 

Anna opens a box and finds a silver sword in the third box that she opened. 

The sword was encrusted with different types of jewels. They glistened against the ancient silver handle of the sword. 

Anna carefully picks up the sword with both hands as it looks pretty old.  

She wonders if Tony will remember if his grandparents mentioned an ancient sword being stored in one of these boxes.

Anna suddenly jumps as her phone starts to ring in her pocket. She pulls out her phone and notices that Tony's name is flashing under the caller id.

She answers the call. Anna starts to tell Tony about what happened and what she found in the box.  

Anna decides to describe the sword in detail to her husband. Tony doesn't have a clue about where this sword came from.

His grandparents never collected swords as they were opinionated about the violence that occurred in the Middle Ages. 

Anna & Tony starts to wonder how the sword ended up in one of the boxes. 

Maybe, the neighbours accidently left it while they attended the funeral or maybe it belonged to Tony's extended family.

Anna started to get goosebumps as she wondered if someone or something had access to the house and brought it there for a reason.  

Tony tells Anna that he is booking the next flight home and to head upstairs to their bedroom.

She hangs up her call with Tony as her thoughts drift to the noises, the raccoon, and the rat.

Anna slowly starts to panick as she heads upstairs to her bedroom.

How did the sword end up in the box? How did the raccoon get inside? 

Why was the window opened when Tony locked up the house completely before his trip? 

What happened to the rat traps and why was the box empty? 

Is someone coming inside the house when they are gone or when they are asleep?

All of these questions were spinning in her mind for the rest of the night.

And she wasn't the only one. When Tony arrived several hours after his flight. He couldn't sleep either. 

As the night time hours approaches to 3am, the couple hears a loud thud coming from down stairs. 

Tony decides to grab the metal bat that Anna had placed by the bed earlier. 

Tony heads downstairs and enters the living room. He looks around and he doesn't see anyone.

He hears loud noises again but he realizes that they are coming from the basement. 

Tony realizes that someone must be in the basement. He opens the door and heads down the stairs.

Moonlight is streaming in from the basement window. 

Tony sees a dark shadow standing over the box that contains the sword. 

He swings his bat at the shadow but he missed. The dark figure was too quick on his feet. 

This individual wanted his sword and nothing was going to stop him. He didn't care if his hands got dirty with blood. 

The sword had magical powers that gave the user a way to travel throughout time. But the sword needed fresh blood to work. 

Tony realized that he might die after the dark shadow picks up the sword. 

The dark shadow starts to walk towards Tony with the sword raised.

Tony screams to Anna who was waiting at the top of the basement steps, "Anna, run. Call the police" 

The dark shadow swings his sword as Tony was able to get his last words out. 

Tony falls to the floor, blood spilling out of the wound on his abdomen. 

He tries to grip the wound close but blood is coming out in a steady stream. His vision fades and everything goes black. 

Anna runs out of the house screaming and yelling for help. She ran out so quickly she didn't grab her phone. 

Anna couldn't believe what was going on and felt like she would pass out but she kept running.

Not watching exactly where she was going, Anna trips over a big rock and tumbles down onto the wet grass. 





